# Basic analysis of OS/Network/Hardware level raw data

## OS related

### lsof
It contains a temp.csv file as an example. This file is automatically generated when the APK is executed on COMEX saved as &lt;hash&gt;.csv. See an example in COMEX_AXMoD/lsof.

### perfetto_trace
It contains a perfettocsv.py script. It takes perfetto trace files as input, parses it and finally generates multiple csv files with features such as **client_tid**, **client_pid**, **client_ts**, **server_ts**, *etc*.

### starcelogs
It contains syscall.py script. Strace generates multiple log files by following the forks of the APK under test. The analysis script takes those files as input and generates a concaenated.csv with four feature columns - **timestamps**, **syscall_name**, **arguments**, and **return_value**.

### dropbox
It contains dropbox.py script. Dropbox generates multiple txt files such as **event_log**, **SYSTEM_BOOT**, **system_server_wtf**, *etc*. Currently the analysis script take system_server_wtf files as input and generates a concatenated.txt file with three columns - **pid**, **error_service**, and **cause**. 

## Network related

### netstat
It contains multiple analysis scripts. Netstat command generates a log file in an unstructured manner. These analysis scripts work on those log files and generates a clean parsed csv.

### network
It contains a argussy.py script. PCapDroid generates a pcap file containing nework packets only related to the APK under test. We use argus tool to analyse the pcap files which in turn generates a csv file containing 40+ network level features.

## Hardware related

### batterystats
It contains a temp.csv file as an example. This file is automatically generated when the APK is executed on COMEX saved as &lt;hash&gt;-batterystats.csv. See an example in COMEX_AXMoD/batterystats.

### procstats
It contains a temp.csv file as an example. This file is automatically generated when the APK is executed on COMEX saved as &lt;hash&gt;-procstats.csv. See an example in COMEX_AXMoD/procstats.

